Unaccompanied Minor 
Travel
Who is considered an Unaccompanied Minor/Child?
An Unaccompanied Minor/Child means a ‘Minor’/’Child’ who is/are not accompanied by a companion aged eighteen (18) years or more, on the date of travel.
‘Minor’ is a person who has not attained the age of eighteen years and includes Children above the age of two and below the age of twelve years. The age range is applicable as on the date of travel of the onward and return journey (if any under the same PNR)
.
SkyWings offers the following assistance services only to the following categories of Unaccompanied Minors/Children, as described below:
Under 5 years - 'Flying Solo' service is unavailable; however, the child MUST travel with someone over the age of 18 years.
5–12 years – ‘Flying Solo’ service is available, and child can travel on all flights. Children between the age of 5 (five) and 12 (twelve) years, as on the date of travel must either be accompanied by a companion aged 18 (eighteen) years or more, as on the date of travel, or must book Flying Solo service.
13-18 years - The Minor can travel alone or we would be happy to offer the 'Flying Solo' service
What is the fee of unaccompanied Minor?
Sector
Rate (INR)
Domestic
4999
International
9999
 
Unaccompanied Minor fee will only be charged up to 12 years of age and not traveling with an adult are considered as minors.
By what time must an Unaccompanied Minor report at the airport?
All unaccompanied minors must report at the airport ticket counter at least 2 hours prior to departure for domestic flight and 4 hours prior to departure for international flights.
Do I need to fill any form for my child’s travel with SkyWings?
A parent or guardian is required to complete a signed 
Unaccompanied Minor form
 (Form to be downloaded from website) at the point of check-in at each departure airport prior to travel. The form must include the name and contact numbers of the parent or guardian (above the age of 18) who will meet the unaccompanied minor at the point of arrival.
Do I need to provide a valid photo ID proof for my child?
Valid photo ID for both the unaccompanied minor and the parent/guardian is required at the point of 
check-in
. 
Click here
 
to view valid photo ID proof accepted at the airport
What kind of assistance will the child be provided with?
At departure
A staff member will take an unaccompanied minor /Child to the aircraft, where he/she will be handed over to the cabin crew to be looked after. The parent or guardian must remain at the airport until the flight departs.
On-board
During the flight, our cabin crew will keep an eye on an unaccompanied minor/Child and will ensure that the unaccompanied minor/Child has what he or she needs. A complimentary snack and a non-alcoholic beverage is included in our flying solo program. In order to ensure that the unaccompanied minor/Child has a comfortable flight, the parent is requested to pack all necessary items including medication, warm clothing and a favourite toy or game in its Hand Baggage. In case the unaccompanied minor /Child has any allergies, SkyWings should be informed in advance through SkyWings’s Call Centre. 
Transit/Transfer
If Stopover at a transfer station is less than 6 (six) hours, and if the unaccompanied minor /Child is booked throughout on SkyWings’s flights then only we will be able to accept the unaccompanied minor/Child under flying solo services.
However, if Stopover at transfer stations is more than 6 (six) hours or involves a night halt we shall not be able to accept an unaccompanied minor /Child under flying solo services. In such cases, the minor /Child must be accompanied by someone who is above the age of 18 (eighteen) years, as on the date of travel.
Upon arrival
When the flight arrives, our ground staff will accompany and assist the unaccompanied minor /Child through the airport arrival process. We will only release the unaccompanied minor/Child to the care of the nominated adult, after checking their original photo identification, as per the details mentioned in the relevant form. The parent or guardian should be at the arrival hall at least 30 (thirty) minutes prior to arrival of the flight, to receive the unaccompanied minor/ Child.
Does the parent or guardian remain at the airport until the flight has departed?
Yes
Will SkyWings accept an unaccompanied minor if there is any transit/transfer?
If the stopover at transfer station is less than 6 hours and if the child is booked through out on SkyWings, we shall be able to accept the child under the 'Flying Solo' Services. If the stopover at transfer stations is more than 6 hours and/or involves night halt and/or transfer is on other airline except SkyWings, we shall not be able to accept the child under the 'Flying Solo' services. In such cases, the child must be accompanied by someone who is above the age of 18 years.
Do I have to purchase flying solo service if my 2 children of different age group are travelling together?
If 2 children are traveling one aged between 5-12 years and another aged between 12- 18 years, unaccompanied minor (Flying solo service) needs to be mandatorily booked for the child below 12 years.
By what time unaccompanied minor service can be added?
Unaccompanied minor can be booked 4 hours before flight departure on domestic flight and 6 hours on international flights
For additional information - 
https://www.goSkyWings.in/information/special-and-disability-assistance.html
