SW 
Fares
What is Defence category?
Upto 50% discount on base fare is provided for bookings made under Defence category and is open to serving and retired Defence and paramilitary personnel. This offer cannot be clubbed with any other promotional scheme or discount offer extended by SkyWings. The discount of upto 50% shall be reduced to the extent of any other promotional scheme available such that the overall discount does not exceed 50%.
Defence reservations can be booked only through SkyWings official website www.goSkyWings.in
Number of seats under Defence Category
There are restricted inventory available, which is served on first come first serve basis. In case the inventory is exhausted under this category, you may choose to fly a different date or select a normal class fare to check the availability on the same date.
Family
The special offer is open to serving and retired Defence and paramilitary personnel and their families.
Required Documents
Travellers would be required to produce their Military ID card/ Dependent card at the time of check-in/airport entry for verification. Passengers will be denied boarding in case they fail the verification stage during the check-in process.
Rescheduling
The reservation booked under Armed Forces Personnel Discount category cannot be modified. We would recommend you to cancel and re-book your reservation to get the applicable discount (provided the inventory is available).
What is Senior Citizen Fare?
A senior citizen above the age of 60 years can avail a discount of 6% on base fare. You can book only through our website and this fare is applicable only for domestic sectors. 
Click here
 to know the steps to book a senior citizen PNR.
The change / Cancellation fee of regular fare will be applicable as agreed at the time of reservation.
How to book a senior citizen PNR?
https://www.goSkyWings.in/add-on-services/senior-citizen-discount.html
What is group Reservation?
A group is defined as 7 or more passengers travelling together in one reservation.
For all your group queries we request you to 
click here
 and specify the travel details to get the fares instantly.
Note
: if you are a travel partner with us, you are requested to login on our website (
www.goSkyWings.in
)
With your travel partner login id and raise your groups queries.
For any other assistance kindly contact us on below ids-:
Direct passengers-: 
groups@goSkyWings.in
  
Travel Agents-: 
grouprequest@goSkyWings.in
Why am I charged a convenience fee?
Please note that, in compliance of the order of the Honourable Supreme Court dated 23.01.2013 in Civil Appeal No. 8771 of 2012, SkyWings does not charge any Transaction Fee from its customers. 
A convenience fee is collected by the airlines for establishing, maintaining and operating the online booking system, to enable the passengers to book the air tickets online while using a credit/debit card. This fees includes the charges paid by the airlines to the concerned bank (and it varies from one bank to another) for availing of such facility.
What is student fare?
Students above 12 years can avail upto 6% discount on the base fare and get 10kg extra baggage allowance. Student fare will be available only on bookings 
made on our website, 7 days in advance.
 Please note that a bonafide school/university ID is mandatory at the time of check-in. Change/cancellation fee of regular fares will be applicable as agreed at the time of reservation.
