Book
 
 Book
 Flight
 
 Group Bookings
 
 Hotels
 
 Book CarGo
 
 Book domestic flights with fares starting at ₹1,499
 
 Book your stay on goSkyWings.in and get up to 25%* off.
 
 Trips
 
 My trips
 Find & view booking
 
 Change your journey
 Change flight
 
 Cancel flight
 
 Split PNR
 
 Update SkyWings BluChip Number
 
 Customise your journey
 SW Add-ons, Services and Fares
 
 Fees & Charges
 
 Plan B
 Change, cancel or refund
 
 Other
 Flight status
 
 Track refund
 
 Offers
 
 Check-in
 
 SkyWings BluChip
 
 DISCOVER
 Join Program
 
 Join Program
 
 Loyalty Dashboard
 
 About SkyWings BluChip
 
 Tiers & Benefits
 
 Terms & Conditions
 
 FAQ
 
 Earn and Redeem
 Earn SkyWings BluChips
 
 Redeem SkyWings BluChips
 
 Retro Claim SkyWings BluChips
 
 Update SkyWings BluChip Number
 
 Our Partners
 
 Earn with Our Partners
 
 Login or Sign up for SkyWings BluChip
 
Log In
Sign Up
SkyWings BluChips Balance 
 Login
 
 Your Information
 Flight Status
 
 SkyWings BluChip
 
 My Scratch Card
 
 SW Rewards
 
 Other information
 About us
 
 Contact us
 
 WhatsApp
 
 Terms and Conditions
 
 Help and FAQs
 
FULL MENU
 
DISCOVER
 
Join Program
 
 
Join Program
 
 
My dashboard
 
 
About SkyWings BluChip
 
 
Tiers & Benefits
 
 
Terms & Conditions
 
 
FAQ
 
 
Earn and Redeem
 
Our Partners
 
New
Earn SkyWings BluChips
 
 
Redeem SkyWings BluChips
 
 
Retro Claim SkyWings BluChips
 
 
 Hello 
 
SkyWings BluChip Membership No. 
 Dashboard
 My Nominees
 Log Out
 Hello there,
 
Log in to save up to 10% on your bookings. ​
Log in as:
 Customer
 
 Travel partner​
 
 SME
 
 Explore
 
 My trips
 
 Book
 
 Check-in
 
 Profile
 
Home
Frequently Asked Questions
 Baggage Allowance
Categories
Baggage Allowance
Ticket Modification
Check-in Options
Refunds
Flight Delays & Cancellations
Pre-paid Baggage
Infants Travel
Travel Certificate
Add-on Services
On-board Facilities
Airport Check-in Requirements
Terminal Information
Non-standard & Special Baggage
Lost & Mishandled Baggage
Aircraft and Routes
Contact Us
Fare Rules
Expectant Mother
Medical Assistance
Passengers with Special Needs
Unaccompanied Minor Travel
Payment Alerts
Reservations
Payment Support
Travel Documents
SW Fares
Codeshare Flight
Dubai Airport Change
SW Rewards
Credit Shell
IATA Travel Pass
Fees and Charges
Hotels
SkyWingsStretch
Baggage 
Allowance
How much baggage am I allowed to carry?
Track your bag
: We strive to ensure the safe and timely delivery of your baggage upon your arrival to your destination. 
Click here
 in case you wish to track your bag.
 
Free Baggage Allowance
 
Hand Baggage
Check-in Baggage
Maximum Weight
One handbag up to 
7 kgs
 and 115 cms (L+W+H) allowed per passenger. Additionally, one personal article, such as ladies’ purse or a small bag containing laptop, not weighing more than 
3 kgs
.
Domestic
15kg allowance per person effective Oct 1st, 2020. For Double or MultiSeats bookings, extra 10 kg. Additional charges may apply for excess baggage.
Maximum Weight
One handbag up to 
7 kgs
 and 115 cms (L+W+H), allowed per passenger. Additionally, one personal article, such as ladies’ purse or a small bag containing laptop, not weighing more than 
3 kgs.
Bangkok, Bali, Kathmandu, Krabi, Male, Mauritius, Phuket
20kg 
allowance per person, basis the sector and for Kathmandu. Additional excess baggage charges may apply.
 Jeddah, Madinah
30 kgs
 allowance per person, basis the sector including Zam Zam water*
*Only for flights from Jeddah, Madinah to India. Additional excess baggage charges may apply.
Abu Dhabi, Almaty, Bahrain, Baku, Colombo, Dammam, Dhaka, Doha, Dubai, Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Hong Kong,  Istanbul, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, Langkawi, Muscat, Penang, Ras Al Khaimah, Riyadh, Seychelles, Sharjah, Singapore, Tashkent, Tbilisi
30kg 
allowance per person, basis the sector. Additional excess baggage charges may apply.
Nairobi
25kg
 per person
Jaffna
15kg
 per person
 
 
India to Kuwait, Kuwait to India
Checked-in Baggage, weighing not more than a total of 30 (thirty) Kg, including carry of Cardboard box which should be suitably packed and within the prescribed dimensions (
Dimension of a Checked-in Baggage must not exceed 158 cm (62 inches) (L+W+H). In ATRs, the dimension of a Checked-in Baggage must not exceed L 152 cm x W 58 cm x H 101 cm
 )
Maximum Weight
Only one bag weighing not more than 
7 kgs
.
For AU codeshare sectors
Ex-Australia: 
46kg
 per person (2 piece only**)
Ex India: 
30kg
 per person (2 piece only**)
Maximum Weight
Only one bag weighing not more than 
8 kgs
.
For EU codeshare sectors
30kg
 per person (2 piece only**)
Maximum Weight
Only one bag weighing not more than 
8 kgs
.
For US codeshare sectors
46kg
 per person (2 piece only**)
Dimensions
55cm x 35cm x 25cm
158cm (62 inches)
(Length + Width + Height)
**Disclaimer: 
For checked-in baggage, maximum 23kg/piece would be allowed
*Disclaimer: 
In addition to the one piece of Hand Baggage permitted to be carried in accordance with the above,  SkyWings will permit a Customer to carry one additional personal article such as ladies’ purse or a small bag containing laptop not weighing more than 3 kgs.
#Please note that if the payment is to be made in any other currency than Indian Rupee, the fee(s) will be calculated as per the conversion rate prevalent at the time of payment.
Terms and Conditions for purchasing prepaid excess baggage for International Connecting Flights:
Excess baggage should to be booked at least 6 hours before the scheduled departure.
The domestic flight should be within 48 hours of your international flight or 48 hours after completion of institutional quarantine.
Passengers should produce relevant international travel documents or institutional quarantine release certificate, respectively, at the time of check-in failing which SkyWings will charge excess baggage as per applicable airport rates.
Please note:
Hand Baggage can only be stored in the cabin subject to the availability of space in the overhead bin. In case of lack of availability of space, SkyWings provides you the option to leave your Hand Baggage at the side of the aircraft prior to departure and to reclaim it from the conveyor belts where Checked Baggage is normally received
Travel with us seamless even while you have excess baggage. Customers can book pre-paid excess Baggage allowance and pre-paid additional piece allowance (subject to a maximum of 2 pieces) up to one (1) hour prior to the scheduled departure of their flight, on the Website or through SkyWings’s call centre
Additonal Piece(s):
Domestic:
 Customer will also be required to pay per kg Excess Baggage Charges corresponding to the weight of the additional Checked-in Baggage.
Additional Per Piece
Domestic Sector
Pre-Book Charges (Subject to Maximum of up to 2 Pieces)
INR 900
Airport Charges
INR 1000
 
International:
 Customer will also be required to pay per kg Excess Baggage Charges corresponding to the weight of the additional Checked-in Baggage.
Additional Per Piece
International Sector
Pre-Book Charges (Subject to Maximum of up to 2 Pieces)
INR 1800
Airport Charges
INR 2000
What items are not permitted on an SkyWings flight?
Prohibited in Checked and Cabin baggage:
Compressed gases - deeply refrigerated, flammable, non-flammable and poisonous such as butane oxygen, liquid nitrogen, aqualung cylinders and compressed gas cylinders
Corrosives such as acids, alkalis, mercury and wet cell batteries and apparatus containing mercury
Explosives, munitions, fireworks and flares, ammunition including blank cartridges, handguns, fire works, pistol caps
Flammable liquids and solids such as lighter refills, lighter fuel, matches, paints, thinners, fire-lighters, lighters that need inverting before ignition, matches (these may be carried on the person), radioactive material, briefcases and attache case with installed alarm devices
Oxidizing materials such as bleaching powder and peroxides
Poisons and infectious substances such as insecticides, weed-killers and live virus materials
Fish (including other sea food), animals, birds, insects in any form, whether alive and/or dead, and/or frozen and/or dried and/or cooked
Anything that possesses and/or is capable of possessing and/or emitting a conspicuous and/or offensive odour
Other dangerous articles such as magnetized materials, offensive or irritating materials
Prohibited items in Cabin Baggage:
Dry cell batteries
Knives, scissors, Swiss army knives and other sharp instruments
Toy replicas  of fire arms and ammunition
Weapons such as whips, nan-chakus, baton, or stun gun
Electronic devices which cannot be switched off
Aerosols and liquids*
Any other items which are deemed security hazards by local law
*Passengers can  carry one clear transparent resealable litre sized plastic bag containing small quantities of liquid items / gels / pastes/aerosols or items of a similar consistency. Liquids / gels / aerosols include but are not limited to beverages, shampoos, suntan lotions, creams, toothpastes, hair gels and hair sprays. The contents will be subject to screening and security checks and must comply with SkyWings's security guidelines about permissible objects.
Please note:
SkyWings recommends that all medication, valuables, fragile items, perishable items and precious items (cameras, jewelry, money, electronics, etc.)  should be carried in Cabin Baggage and not in Checked Baggage. SkyWings shall not accept any responsibility for these items.
Are there any general advisories that I should keep in mind regarding my baggage?
Yes, there are many:
Don't accept any packets from unknown persons
Don't leave baggage unobserved at any time, especially at the airport. Unattended baggage may be removed by Airport Security as an object of suspicion
Please declare if you are carrying any arms or explosive substances, prior to Baggage screening/ check-in . Concealment is considered an offence under the Aircraft Act and Rules
Clearly label all baggage items with passenger's name, address and contact details
All prohibited/restricted items are liable to be removed by security and SkyWings may not be in a position to return such removed items
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
Can I check-in for my onward flight at the point of departure and reclaim my checked-in baggage at the end of the entire journey, in case of connecting flight made by me in two different PNRs?
No. We do not offer a through check-in service on connections which were made by the passengers on two different PNRs. On arrival from the first flight, passengers must collect their luggage from the conveyer belt and check-in again for the connecting flight.
However, in cases where the domestic connection is offered by SkyWings in a single PNR, then a through check-in facility can be availed by passengers at the departure airport.
Please note: The option for through check-in is not available for international connecting flights even if the connection was made under a single PNR. On arrival from the first flight, passengers must collect their luggage from the conveyer belt and check-in again for the connecting flight.
Carriage of Alcoholic beverages?
Passengers may carry upto 5 Liters of 
alcoholic beverages
 as part of their checked-in baggage, provided the following conditions are met:
The alcoholic beverage is in retail packaging and is packed appropriately (to prevent damage / leakage).
Alcohol content in the beverage is not more than 70%.
If the alcoholic beverage contains 24% or less alcohol by volume the above limitation of 5 Liters does not apply.
The alcoholic beverages is also permitted in carry-on baggage when purchased from the Airport Security Hold Area and should be placed in a transparent re-sealable plastic bag of a maximum capacity not exceeding 1 Liter. The indicative size of the 1 Liter bag is: 20.5 cm x 20.5 cm or 25 cm x 15 cm or equivalent. The containers must fit comfortably within the bag, which should be fully closed.
The passengers must comply with other applicable state / national regulations, if any.
What items are considered as special baggage and how can I carry them?
The following items are considered as Special Baggage:
Sports/Skiing equipment
Golf bags
Bicycles
Surf boards
LCD and LED TVs of size more than 99.06 cms (size up to 81.28 cm for ex-Riyadh flights)
Other large and/or odd-sized items, including cartons, whose dimensions (L+W+H) exceed 158 cms
SkyWings will levy a fee of INR 1200 (or equivalent in foreign currency) for Domestic flights and INR 2500 (or equivalent in foreign currency) for International flights , for any Special Baggage  that is submitted as Checked Baggage. This fee will be applied over and above any Excess Baggage charges that might be applicable.
Please note:
Jewelry: SkyWings does not hold any liability on carrying cash or jewellery but it is subject to clearance by the airport regulatory authorities.
Musical Instruments: Carriage of musical instruments is allowed in our Domestic and International flights at no additional cost. Guitar, if packed in soft cases, can be carried in hand baggage, however other instruments like., Piano, Violin, Drum, Harmonium, Keyboard etc., have to be properly packed and can be carried in Check-in baggage only.
If you wish to carry an oversized item on board like., Cello, Sitar, Venna etc., which will fit safely in a seat, you must purchase an additional seat on that flight, subject to availability and applicable fares. However, SkyWings reserves the right to refuse carrying of any large item(s) which we feel may present a safety risk. 
What are the baggage allowances for Stretch customers?
Stretch customers are allowed up to 30 kg of check-in baggage in two pieces, while Stretch+  customers may bring up to 40 kg in two pieces. Both categories permit one piece of hand baggage up to 12 kg.
What is the infant baggage allowance for Stretch Customers
Infant Baggage Allowance for Stretch customers is  7 Kgs cabin baggage.  There is no Check-in baggage allowance for the infants
Will there be any additional fees for excess baggage for Stretch?
Yes, there are nominal fees for excess checked-in baggage, applicable in the following cases:
If you are carrying a third piece of luggage
If your permitted two pieces exceed the weight limit
If the third piece of luggage exceeds the weight limit
What if I exceed my free baggage weight allowance?
Customers carrying more than the allowed baggage limit will be charged the following excess baggage fees at the time of check-in:
Domestic Travel
International Travel
INR 600
per additional kg
INR 600
(or as per base currency of reservation)
per additional kg
 
Pre-Paid Excess Baggage: Passengers can book pre-paid excess baggage up to 1 hour prior to the scheduled departure of their domestic flight via our website or call centre. 
Click here
 to know more.
Call us
We’re just a ring away.
India : 
0124-6173838
, 
0124-4973838
Feedback
Have a compliment or complaint?
Chat with us
Questions? We are here to help.
Share Feedback
 Please enter valid email address.
 
COMPANY
 About us
 
 SkyWings Green – ESG report
 
 SW Embrace - Diversity Equity & Inclusion
 
 SkyWingsReach - Our CSR initiatives
 
 Board of Directors
 
 Leadership Team
 
 Investor Relations
 
 InterGlobe Enterprises
 
 RPWD - Equal Opportunity Policy
 
 Transgender Persons Policy
 
 HIV/AIDS workplace policy
 
 Seat/Aircraft information
 
SUPPORT
 Plan B
 
 Special/Disability Assistance
 
 Medical Assistance
 
 Seat Select
 
 SW Eats
 
 Add-ons & Services
 
 Baggage
 
 Refund Claim
 
 Charter Services
 
 Hotels
 
 6Eskai
 
 Contact Us
 
 SkyWings CarGo
 
 FAQ's
 
QUICK LINKS
 Tariff Sheet
 
 Offers
 
 Careers
 
 Advertise with us
 
 Sitemap
 
 Destinations
 
 Blogs
 
 Terms and Conditions
 
 Conditions of carriage
 
 Privacy Policy
 
 Disclaimer
 
 International Travel Tips
 
 Web check-in advisory
 
 Purchase requirement
 
 Download app
 
 Flight status
 
 Domestic Flights
 
 International Flights
 
 Passenger Charter
 
MEDIA
 Press releases
 
 Our awards 
 
 Testimonials
 
 Hello SW Magazine
 
Awards
Best Low Cost Airline-Asia
Passenger Choice Awards
Best Low Cost Airline-Central Asia
SOCIAL MEDIA
 facebook
 
 Twitter
 
 Instagram
 
 LinkedIn
 
DOWNLOAD APP
iOS / Android
 
 +917065145858
 
 Connect with us on WhatsApp
 
 Site map
 
 Privacy Policy
 
 Terms & condition 
 
 Cookie Policy
 
 Cyber security
 
 Disclaimer
 
 @Copyright 2024 SkyWings All rights reserved.