On-board 
Facilities
How do I book snacks for my flight online and what are the charges?
Complimentary snacks are not served on-board our flights. However, you may pre-book your snack while making your reservation or add it later online or by calling our call center. If you have not pre-booked your snack, you can also purchase food items on-board basis availability.
Snack options:
Flights under 30 minutes flying time: Only our favorite Cookie Tins, Nut Cases and water bottles will be available for purchase. No other Food & Beverage will be on sale on-board such flights.
Flights under 60 minutes flying time: Everything on the menu except hot food and hot beverages will be on sale basis availablity.
If any of the services are booked through SkyWings’s call centre, an additional amount of 10% (ten per cent) of the applicable charges will apply.
Payment
Onboard purchases:
We accept credit card and cash payments for on-board purchases. The following conditions apply:
We will only be accepting VISA and MASTER cards
The maximum limit for Domestic Sectors is INR 5,000
The maximum limit for International Sectors is  USD 120
As per Foreign Exchange Management Act by Reserve Bank of India regulations, we do not accept INR on international flights. We only accept the below mention currencies on our international flights: USD, Euro, GBP, AED, THB and OMR
Pre-booked snacks:
For payment details on pre-booked snacks 
click here.
Is alcohol offered on SkyWings flights?
Alcohol is only served on International flights and can be purchased on-board. However, consumption of liquor bought from Duty Free shops is prohibited on-board.
Please not: Serving of or consumption of alcohol is strictly prohibited on Domestic flights.
Is smoking allowed on- board SkyWings flights?
Smoking is strictly prohibited on any SkyWings aircraft
Can I carry water and food on-board?
SkyWings provides water cups free of charge on all its flights. Water bottles will be available in flight on sale.
SkyWings allows passengers to bring food items on-board. Allowed food items include cold snacks, non-alcoholic drinks, snack bars and biscuits. 
Messy, oily or strong smelling food items are not allowed on-board
Does SkyWings provide ear plugs and cotton?
SkyWings currently does not provide ear plugs and cotton on-board. Therefore, we recommend that passengers carry their own chewing gums, cotton and/or ear plugs for their comfort. It is also recommended that passengers carry blankets/ shawl on board.
Does SkyWings sell merchandise on ATRs?
No. SkyWings merchandise is on sale only on Airbus A320.
