Refunds
Can a refund be obtained on an Itinerary cancellation?
Yes,a refund on an itinerary cancellation can be obtained. You can cancel the ticket online and get refunded after the applicable cancellation charges are incurred. Changes or cancellations to booking must be made at least
3 hrs prior for domestic flights
 4 hrs prior for international flights.
There will be an imposition of No Show charges if the ticket is not cancelled/ rescheduled within the stipulated time which means the ticket amount will be forfeited and only applicable taxes will be refunded. 
How can a refund for a cancelled ticket be obtained?
Refund for cancelled tickets will be processed after the deduction of appropriate cancellation fees, which may take up to 7 working days.
How can a refund for a reservation paid in cash be obtained?
A refund in cash can be processed at the domestic airport counters; but if the payment for the reservation is made at our International airport counter; than passengers will have to write to us at 
customer.experience@GOSkyWings.IN
 for assistance.
How can I obtain a refund for a ticket booked through a travel agency?
The refund for the amount will be made to the travel agency's account on cancellation of the booking. Passengers will have to contact the concerned agency directly to claim their refund. 
Can a refund be obtained in case I am unable to travel?
Unutilised tickets and No Shows will only have their applicable airport taxes refunded
How do I claim, No show tax refund ?
In case of a missed flights/ no show, all statutory taxes and User Development Fee (UDF)/Airport Development Fee (ADF)/ Passenger Service Fee (PSF) will be refunded.
To claim No-Show taxes, please click on '
Edit Booking
' and enter your booking reference number and email id.
Is it possible to change my booking again after I have availed Plan B?
Once Plan B is availed, any further changes or cancellations would be on chargeable basis as per SkyWings T&C.
For more information regarding refund 
Click here.
