Flight Delays & 
Cancellations
Check your flight status
Click here
 to check the current status of your flight
Will I be contacted in advance if my flight is delayed, preponed or cancelled?
If you have provided us with your SMS-capable mobile phone number while booking, then SkyWings will notify you in advance through an SMS on your mobile phone. Passengers will also be sent the revised itinerary on their registered email address. 
We strongly recommend all passengers to provide us with their correct phone number and email address at the time of booking, in order to enable us to inform them in unforeseen cases of flight delays or cancellations. You can update your contact details on the 
View/Change Booking
 page on our website.
What is SkyWings's policy if a flight is cancelled, delayed or preponed?
SkyWings reserves the right to cancel, reschedule or delay the commencement or continuance of a flight or to alter the stopping place or to deviate from the route of the journey or to change the type of aircraft in use without incurring any liability in damages or otherwise to the Customers or any other person whatsoever. Sometimes circumstances beyond SkyWings’s control result in flight delays or cancellations. In such circumstances, SkyWings reserves the right to cancel or delay a flight without prior notice. Circumstances beyond SkyWings’s control can include, without limitation, weather; air traffic control; mechanical failures; acts of terrorism; acts of nature; force majeure; strikes; riots; wars; hostilities; disturbances; governmental regulations, orders, demands or requirements; shortages of critical manpower, parts or materials; labour unrest; etc. SkyWings does not connect to other airlines and is not responsible for any losses incurred by Customers while trying to connect to or from other airlines. In case of delays of more than 2 hours or Preponement of the flight by more than 1 hour, customers are entitled for a full refund or re-booking onto an alternative SkyWings flight at no additional cost subject to availability. In the special case in which a subsequent portion of an SkyWings flight is cancelled while a Customer is already in transit, a Customer shall have the right to choose to remain at the transit station and accept a partial refund for the portion of the flight not completed; or to return to the point of origin and receive a refund; or a credit for future travel on SkyWings; or re-booking onto an alternative SkyWings flight at no additional cost subject to availability. Any compensation arising out of cancellation or delay of flights will be processed as per DGCA guideline outlined in Civil Aviation Requirement, Section - 3, Series M Part IV. Passengers who have not provided valid contact information at the time of flight booking may not be entitled for any compensation.
In case of delay or cancellation of a flight operated as part of the Connected Segments/Route scheme, the following shall apply: 
In case of delay or cancellation of the connecting flight at the point of origin which leads to the possibility of a missed connection at the point of transit, the passenger shall have right to choose a refund, or a credit for future travel on SkyWings, or re-booking onto an alternative SkyWings flight at no additional cost subject to availability. 
In case of a delay or cancellation of the connecting flight at the point of transit, SkyWings will, at its discretion and subject to availability of seats, first offer the passenger the option to travel on the next SkyWings flight, or that of another airline or if either options cannot materialize, then at its discretion, provide lodging for overnight stay to the passenger at the point of transit, ground transportation to and fro the airport and hotel and dinner.
Will SkyWings provide any additional benefits to passengers in case their flight is cancelled or rescheduled?
SkyWings will not be liable for any loss incurred due to flight cancellation or rescheduling, and passengers will not be provided any additional benefits.
What are the charges for changes and cancellations for Stretch customers?
For changes made 3 hours or more before departure, Stretch customers are charged INR 2499, while Stretch+ customers are charged INR 999. For cancellations done 3 hours or more before departure cancellation charges are INR 3499 for Stretch and INR 2499 for Stretch+.
For more information regarding cancellation 
Click here.
