Check-in 
Options
Wish to Web Check-in?
Click here
What is Kiosk Check-in?
Kiosk Check-in is a convenient way  for passengers to check-in using SkyWings kiosks located at the airport. Passengers can select their preferred seat and print their boarding pass.
Registration
Passengers DO NOT need to register to avail of our Kiosk Check-in facility.
Late Arrival
Passengers will not be able to print out their boarding pass from the kiosk in case they arrive late and the check-in counters for the flight are closed.
What is Mobile Check-in?
Mobile Check-in is a convenient way to check-in using your mobile device. Passengers can select their preferred seat, email or print their e-Boarding pass. To Mobile Check-in, you can download our App on 
Android 
and 
IOS
.
Registration
Passengers MUST register to avail of our Mobile Check-in facility.
Boarding Pass
Passengers are requested to carry a print out of their boarding card once they have completed their mobile Check-in. The boarding pass can also be obtained from one of the SkyWings counters at the airport. However, it is recommended to take the print in advance to skip the queue.
What is Web Check-in?
Avoid long queues at the airport and travel hassle-free with Web Check-in. Passengers flying domestic sectors can Web Check-in at any time up to 48 hours to 60 min before flight departure.
Useful Tips:
Please don’t forget to carry a printout of your boarding card.
If you're carrying check-in baggage, please go straight to our bag drop counter.
Hand Baggage - One personal item like small laptop bag, ladies’ purse, infant bag etc., only if it fits under the seat in front of you.
Checked in baggage – 15 Kg per person (One piece only). Additional charges will apply for excess baggage. 
click here
.
Please make sure you clear all your pending payments in order to Web Check-in for your upcoming flight.
You are 
not eligible
 for Web Check-in service – 
You’ve selected Unaccompanied Minor special fare.
You’re a Medical passenger.
You’re travelling on a stretcher.
You’ve booked using International credit/debit card.
You’ve a connecting flight and the flight departure time of one of the connections is beyond 48 hrs from the web check in window.
Click here
 to Web Check-in.
