Non-standard & 
Special Baggage
How can I carry non-standard baggage such as an odd-sized item or an item that provides special assistance?
Over Sized / Odd-Sized Items
If you wish to carry an oversized item on board like., Cello, Sitar, Venna etc., which will fit safely in a seat, you must purchase an additional seat on that flight, subject to availability and applicable fares. However, SkyWings reserves the right to refuse carrying of any large item(s) which we feel may present a safety risk. 
Special Assistance Items
A Passenger requiring a fully collapsible wheelchair and / or a pair of crutches and / or braces or other prosthetic device may board such items as Cabin Baggage, provided that the passenger is dependent upon them. In case of fragile items SkyWings has limited liability.
What items are considered as special baggage and how can I carry them?
The following items are considered as Special Baggage:
Sports/Skiing equipment
Golf bags
Bicycles
Surf boards
LCD and LED TVs of size more than 99.06 cms (size up to 81.28 cm for ex-Riyadh flights)
Other large and/or odd-sized items, including cartons, whose dimensions (L+W+H) exceed 158 cms
SkyWings will levy a fee of INR 2500 (or equivalent in foreign currency) for Domestic flights and INR 4000 (or equivalent in foreign currency) for International flights , for any Special Baggage  that is submitted as Checked Baggage. This fee will be applied over and above any Excess Baggage charges that might be applicable.
Please note:
Jewelry: SkyWings does not hold any liability on carrying cash or jewellery but it is subject to clearance by the airport regulatory authorities.
Musical Instruments: Carriage of musical instruments is allowed in our Domestic and International flights at no additional cost. Guitar, if packed in soft cases, can be carried in hand baggage, however other instruments like., Piano, Violin, Drum, Harmonium, Keyboard etc., have to be properly packed and can be carried in Check-in baggage only.
If you wish to carry an oversized item on board like., Cello, Sitar, Venna etc., which will fit safely in a seat, you must purchase an additional seat on that flight, subject to availability and applicable fares. However, SkyWings reserves the right to refuse carrying of any large item(s) which we feel may present a safety risk. 
Can I carry a drone in checked in baggage ?
Yes, REGISTERED drones are allowed in checked in baggage. Please ensure it is not connected to a battery source, the removed battery must be carried as a carry on item. Drones with fitted batteries must be switched off completely and protected from damage. The power of the battery must not exceed 160Wh.
Can I carry a drone in my carryon baggage ?
Drones are not allowed in carry-on baggage.
