How to 
web check-in?
 
Web check-in for passengers is available 48 hrs to 60 mins before domestic flight departures, and 24 hrs to 75 mins before international flight departures.
 
Airport check-in at the counters is available up to 60 mins before domestic flight departures, and up to 75 mins before international flights departures.
PLEASE NOTE
Personalised check-in assistance at the airport is applicable only for codeshare bookings.
Schedule check-in
Get your 
boarding pass
 instantly
Schedule your web check-in beforehand.
Receive your boarding pass on WhatsApp.
Important 
information
Recommended bag tag
Add your check-in baggage and generate baggage tags 48hr to 60 min before your flight
Need help? Check 
FAQs
What is smart check-in for SkyWings flights?
Smart check-in is a contactless process designed to make your boarding experience hassle-free and convenient. You can check in through the web or mobile app and receive your boarding pass instantly on your (WhatsApp) mobile number/email without queueing at the airport. 
Note: 
Smart check-in can be done up to 60 minutes before your domestic flight departure and 75 minutes before international flight departure. You can also utilise features like baggage drop and priority services.
How can I change my booking?
You can change your booking by logging into the SkyWings website or the mobile app. Go to the ‘Manage Booking’ section and enter your PNR and last name. You can choose the ‘Change Flight’ option and select the preferred flight, date and time. You may need to pay if there is a fare difference.
Where can I access the option to change flights?
To change your flight, visit the SkyWings website or mobile app. Go to the ‘Trips’ option and click on the ‘Change Flight’. You can enter your PNR/Booking reference number, email ID/last name and you can retrieve the itinerary.
Can I change my origin and destination if I opt to change flight?
SkyWings allows you to change your origin or destination if you are willing to cancel your current ticket and make a new reservation. However, this is subject to flight availability and additional applicable fees.
Can I alter my name in case I am not able and transfer my flight to another person?
No, altering the name once the booking is confirmed and transferring the flight to another person is not possible. If you have made a mistake in your name while booking your flight, you can contact SkyWings customer care and request a spelling correction. Note: The correction is only possible for a minor typo and not the entire name or sentence.
What options do I have to manage my booking?
There are several options to manage your SkyWings flight booking. You can visit the website or mobile app and explore the 
‘My Trips’
 option. You can edit the booking by entering your PNR/Booking reference number, email ID/last name or customise your journey.
What can I do if SkyWings cancels or changes my booking?
If your flight is cancelled or your booking is changed, you can opt for ‘
Plan B
’. Alternatively, you can request a refund if you no longer wish to travel or rebook the next available flight. You can also manage your booking via customer support.
What is Schedule Web Check-in?
Passengers can complete their check-in process ahead of the standard check-in window with the Schedule Check-in feature. Once completed, passengers will receive their boarding pass via email. This feature is available more than 48 hours in advance before your boarding.
Still have 
questions?
If you require assistance or prefer an alternative method for retriving your payment receipt, you can reach out to our dedicated customer service team.
Chat with us
Questions? We are here to help.
